Place the contents of this repository under CC-BY (#289)
sehlen-bsi/botan-docs: docs/architecture/src/00_preface.rst

Preface
=======

**Summary**

The objective of this project is the secure implementation of a universal crypto
library that contains all common cryptographic primitives that are necessary

> for the wide use of cryptographic operations. These include symmetric and
> asymmetric encryption and signature methods, PRFs, hash functions, and RNGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the wide use of cryptographic operations. These include symmetric and
asymmetric encryption, signatures, PRFs, hash functions, and RNGs.
```
(missing comma)
